hey guys what's happening it's steve
here and today i'm super excited because
it is officially time for graffiti name
request episode 7 now I think you guys
are really gonna like this week's piece
but before I even get into it I just
want to talk to you guys about a little
bit of a change that we're gonna have
this week as you guys all know the way
that we normally do this is I just get
you guys to spam the crap out of the
comments section and that's how I pick a
winner but this week we're going to do
something totally different this week
what we're gonna do is I'm going to get
you guys to take this whole process to
Twitter now I know you guys are thinking
Steve why are you making us join Twitter
like what the hell is this are you like
Google+ or something no guys I am NOT
Google+ and I'm not trying to piss you
off honestly guys I just want some more
Twitter followers because I do all sorts
of behind-the-scenes stuff on there I
post pictures of my studio and projects
that I'm working on I do something
called a daily doodle where I do like a
little drawing it's just a little sketch
nothing special I know I'm the worst
sales person ever but honestly guys
that's basically it I just want some
more Twitter followers all you have to
do is if you want your name to be chosen
for the next graffiti name request all
you gotta do is follow me on Twitter
then write a quick post saying at
Steve's art studio hey Steve can you
please write said name and then end it
with hash tag graffiti name request and
that's pretty much how I'm going to pick
a winner so I hope I haven't pissed off
too many of you I know not all of you
are in love with twitter I mean it's
something that isn't for everyone but
anyways if you guys can follow me on
Twitter that really would be
a lot so that's the way we're going to
do it this week I hope you guys like
this week's piece and other than that I
just hope you guys have an awesome week
I hope you have awakened Valentine's Day
you know be sure to wake up that special
someone or whatever yeah time to shut up
Steve guys I love you p sub
you
oh my